tatterpedia/3.factions/index.md, before:

---
title: Factions
description: A list of factions in the game.
---

### Banesian Underground

There are rumours that there is a group of people, the *Banesian
Underground* on Bane's Eye who work against the current government, that
they consider to be illegitimate and fascist. These rumours are
suppressed by Bane's Eye operatives whenever they crop up.

### Galactic Standards Organization (GSO)

The GSO is an intergalactic standards body that maintains and publishes technical, social, and spiritual standards used by sapients everywhere.

The GSO's work is funded by membership dues. Most polities, universities, organizations, and large corporations in known space are members of the GSO, and
includes representatives in the various working groups that determine the standards.

#### List of GSO Standards.
* GSO No. [000000000001](/tatterpedia/gso-standards/00000000001-universal-interstellar-time) Universal Interstellar Time (UIT).
* GSO No. [314159265359](/tatterpedia/gso-standards/314159265359-intership-interspecies-secure-meeting-protocol) - Intership / interspecies secure meeting protocol.

### Kel-Azaan Resistance

A coalition of distant interstellar civilizations on the far side of known space
who fought against the [Invicta Swarm](/tatterpedia/sapient-species#invicta-swarm) expansion in the last decade or so.

### Majestic Services

A company incorporated in Bane’s Eye that runs several passenger liners within the local cluster, including the _Siouxiana_, which destroyed by the Pirate Queen Ramekin Finch on 7922-007.

### Science Foundation

Independent of any local or cluster government(s), the **Science
Foundation** is the premiere scientific professional scientific
organization in the cluster, a non-profit devoted to promoting quality
scientific research. It oversees a hierarchy of per-world member
organizations and broader per-discipline organizations.

Because the Science Foundation is so large, and covers so many areas of
study, there are definitely factions with in it, some of which are
barely aware of others, even within smaller clusters like the local
cluster. Some researchers rely on funding from various military
organizations, and others rely on public funding.

-   [Dr. Crimini](/tatterpedia/faces#dr-crimini) - the cluster's foremost Theoretical Biologist from
    Bane's Edge. A powerful figure in the Science Foundation.

  -   Like most sciences, Biology as a field has itself evolved over
      time (think early hyper-focus on classification and taxonomy) to
      the point that now, the highest (and therefore most prestigious,
      well-funded, etc.) branch is Theoretical Biology, relying almost
      exclusively on pure computation and clean mathematical models of
      life.

### Scouts Guild

The Scouts Guild is spread across known space, independent of any
planet-bound polities. Members of the Scouts guild are Pilots who have
been sponsored by an existing member, and who pay an annual membership
fee. The membership fees are nominal, but spread out over known space,
they add up. They also re-sell the slipstream strait parameters to
non-members as well, at a hefty mark-up, so navigation information in
general is spread widely. Corporations or other organizations are not
allowed membership, only individual people, of any species, as long as
they can pass a rigorous suite of piloting tests.

The Guild offers support for down on their luck pilots, such as hostels
near space ports, retirement & pension plans, etc. They maintain offices
and facilities in most systems that receive FTL traffic.

In addition to membership dues, the Guild earns income by buying up new
slipstream strait parameters, and re-selling them to corporations and
non-members. Members in the Guild automatically receive new slipstream
strait parameters for free as part of the benefits of membership.

### Space Merchant Trading Federation (SMTF)

When the new cluster that already had advanced Slipstream drives was discovered in 7912, the surrounding clusters formed
The Space Merchant Trading Federation (SMTF) to deal with the new polities in the cluster.
The SMTF is made up of dozens of polities, corporations, species, academic, and other organizations from the nearby clusters.

### The Syndicate

The Syndicate is an organized crime organization that is spread across
most of the local cluster and the connecting clusters both coreward and
rimward. With good PR resources, they maintain a public face in most
systems as local do-gooders, just helping the little guy.

### Tepchania Institute of Technology

A prestigious engineering university on [Tepchania](places#tepchania). Informally known as TIT.

### Vat Clones Organization

There is a shadowy organization that produces [Vat
Clones](/tatterpedia/sapient-species#vat-clones) and hires them out as mercenaries.
Most people have no idea how you would go about hiring new vat clones,
but they keep showing up in the wars that spring up across known space.

Commit message:

Added polities from the new cluster to the factions page. Added timepoints for slipstream drive invention to the historic timeline for the new cluster.

tatterpedia/3.factions/index.md, after:

---
title: Factions
description: A list of factions in the game.
---

### Banesian Underground

There are rumours that there is a group of people, the *Banesian
Underground* on Bane's Eye who work against the current government, that
they consider to be illegitimate and fascist. These rumours are
suppressed by Bane's Eye operatives whenever they crop up.

### Dathian Planetary Alliance

An interplanetary polity in the new cluster discovered in 7912, controlling 2 or 3 systems in their cluster.

### Flantian Ascendency

An interplanetary polity in the new cluster discovered in 7912, controlling 2 or 3 systems in their cluster.

### Galactic Standards Organization (GSO)

The GSO is an intergalactic standards body that maintains and publishes technical, social, and spiritual standards used by sapients everywhere.

The GSO's work is funded by membership dues. Most polities, universities, organizations, and large corporations in known space are members of the GSO, and
includes representatives in the various working groups that determine the standards.

#### List of GSO Standards.
* GSO No. [000000000001](/tatterpedia/gso-standards/00000000001-universal-interstellar-time) Universal Interstellar Time (UIT).
* GSO No. [314159265359](/tatterpedia/gso-standards/314159265359-intership-interspecies-secure-meeting-protocol) - Intership / interspecies secure meeting protocol.

### Kel-Azaan Resistance

A coalition of distant interstellar civilizations on the far side of known space
who fought against the [Invicta Swarm](/tatterpedia/sapient-species#invicta-swarm) expansion in the last decade or so.

### Majestic Services

A company incorporated in Bane’s Eye that runs several passenger liners within the local cluster, including the _Siouxiana_, which destroyed by the Pirate Queen Ramekin Finch on 7922-007.

### Science Foundation

Independent of any local or cluster government(s), the **Science
Foundation** is the premiere scientific professional scientific
organization in the cluster, a non-profit devoted to promoting quality
scientific research. It oversees a hierarchy of per-world member
organizations and broader per-discipline organizations.

Because the Science Foundation is so large, and covers so many areas of
study, there are definitely factions with in it, some of which are
barely aware of others, even within smaller clusters like the local
cluster. Some researchers rely on funding from various military
organizations, and others rely on public funding.

-   [Dr. Crimini](/tatterpedia/faces#dr-crimini) - the cluster's foremost Theoretical Biologist from
    Bane's Edge. A powerful figure in the Science Foundation.

  -   Like most sciences, Biology as a field has itself evolved over
      time (think early hyper-focus on classification and taxonomy) to
      the point that now, the highest (and therefore most prestigious,
      well-funded, etc.) branch is Theoretical Biology, relying almost
      exclusively on pure computation and clean mathematical models of
      life.

### Scouts Guild

The Scouts Guild is spread across known space, independent of any
planet-bound polities. Members of the Scouts guild are Pilots who have
been sponsored by an existing member, and who pay an annual membership
fee. The membership fees are nominal, but spread out over known space,
they add up. They also re-sell the slipstream strait parameters to
non-members as well, at a hefty mark-up, so navigation information in
general is spread widely. Corporations or other organizations are not
allowed membership, only individual people, of any species, as long as
they can pass a rigorous suite of piloting tests.

The Guild offers support for down on their luck pilots, such as hostels
near space ports, retirement & pension plans, etc. They maintain offices
and facilities in most systems that receive FTL traffic.

In addition to membership dues, the Guild earns income by buying up new
slipstream strait parameters, and re-selling them to corporations and
non-members. Members in the Guild automatically receive new slipstream
strait parameters for free as part of the benefits of membership.

### Space Merchant Trading Federation (SMTF)

When the new cluster that already had advanced Slipstream drives was discovered in 7912, the surrounding clusters formed
The Space Merchant Trading Federation (SMTF) to deal with the new polities in the cluster.
The SMTF is made up of dozens of polities, corporations, species, academic, and other organizations from the nearby clusters.

### The Syndicate

The Syndicate is an organized crime organization that is spread across
most of the local cluster and the connecting clusters both coreward and
rimward. With good PR resources, they maintain a public face in most
systems as local do-gooders, just helping the little guy.

### Tepchania Institute of Technology

A prestigious engineering university on [Tepchania](places#tepchania). Informally known as TIT.

### Vat Clones Organization

There is a shadowy organization that produces [Vat
Clones](/tatterpedia/sapient-species#vat-clones) and hires them out as mercenaries.
Most people have no idea how you would go about hiring new vat clones,
but they keep showing up in the wars that spring up across known space.
