---
title: CLUSTER STRAITS!
publish_date: 2026-03-09
---

Finally, I added cluster straits to the site!

Cluster straits are those straits between systems in two different clusters. In
the setting, cluster straits are harder to navigate safely than regular straits.

The maps page and the individual cluster map pages show the cluster straits as
orange
curvy lines, with a label naming the system on the other end of the cluster
strait.

[In Dire Straits Local Cluster](/map/in-dire-straits-cluster)

On the individual cluster map pages, clicking on the cluster strait or its label
navigates to the cluster map for the other end of the cluster strait.

I need to work on the code to position the cluster strait labels, they are
currently
positioned to where the cluster strait would be if it was drawn as a straight
line.

Also, after staring at these maps for hours while working on the code, I decided
I liked
the "circular" view of the map, so I changed the default to that view.

Next up: Fix the labels, tweak the positioning of the cluster strait lines so
they
curve around the systems in the cluster (instead of sometimes running underneath
them,)
adding a page that shows all the clusters in relationship to each other, and
adding the ability to plan a trip between clusters.

Also, updated the following dependent library versions:

| Library       | version | updated<br>version |
|---------------|:-------:|:------------------:|
| tar           |  7.5.9  |       7.5.11       |
| @nuxt/content | 3.11.2  |       3.12.0       |
| vue           | 3.5.28  |       3.5.29       |
| vue-router    |  5.0.2  |       5.0.3        |
| rollup        | 4.57.1  |       4.59.0       |
| devalue       |  5.6.2  |       5.6.3        |
| minimatch     |  5.1.6  |       5.1.9        |
| minimatch     |  9.0.5  |       9.0.9        |
| simple-git    | 3.30.0  |       3.33.0       |


