---
title: Session 7 Summary
description: Captured by and rescue attempt from the Pirate Queen Ramekin Finch.
date: 2025-02-01
in_game_start: 7922-008 07:45
in_game_end: 7922-008 08:30
---

## Delano, prior to Session 7 (Session 6a)

Delano woke up in a cell, a single hatch, some small air vents, a bucket, and two cots. In the other cot was human woman
in her 20s, unconscious. His blaster pistol was missing, but happily the pirates missed the hold-out pistol in his boot.

The woman was dressed in expensive, well matched clothes, but wrinkled and a little dirty. Delano didn’t recognise the
style; they weren’t like anything he had seen on Zerzi. She had a bruise on her cheek, like someone had hit her with
their fist.

Her eyes opened, startled as you approach. She sat up and scooched back against the wall. She asked who he was, and
Delano introduced himself. In the conversation that follows, Delano learned that her name is Elizabeth Catlow, and she
expected him to recognise her as someone important based based on the name. He also noticed her checking that that
something was still in a small pocket on her left side. She claimed to not have a weapon. She also claims the pirates
took them off the *Siouxiana* and that Zynara died on the trip from Golden Seed to the pirate base. Zynara was just an
acquaintance she met on the liner, but apparently they grew close when the pirates took them, probably for ransom. She
initially doesn’t want to anger the pirates by trying to escape,

## Chris, prior to Session 7 (Session 6a)

Chris followed the *Jitterbug*’s energy trail from where Delano Mac ejected his black box. The trail ended at an
asteroid. As he approached, a hole irised open in the surface of the asteroid revealing a dimly lit hangar bay. Several
ships were visible in the hangar. A small ship exited the hangar. Chris took the opportunity and guided *Chrysalis* in
and landed in an open space at the edge of bay as the entrance closed above them. Apparently the pirates had noted his
approach and were ready for him. One of the ships in hangar was powered up and rotated to bring its guns to bear on
*Chrysalis*, gets a shot of skewing *Chrysalis* and damaging its landing struts.

There was a gang of sapients in dirty white jump suits and blaster rifles setting up to blast him if he left the dubious
safety of his fighter. That group appeared to be led by a large purple biped, an Ohlzor, Chris thinks. Chris knew that’s
the one he needed to take out. He abandoned *Chrysalis* and rushed the group, dodging their rushed blaster shots on the
way. The Ohlzor took careful aim and shot Chris in the leg before he could close. The slowed Chris down, but didn’t stop
him. They fought for a moment, the Ohlzors battle axe against Chris’s speed and sharp jagged claws, jockeying for
position, trading feints and parries. Chris gave the Ohlzor a nasty cut to his ribs, knocking him back a step. He moved
in to finish the big guy off, who moved faster than Chris expected, dodged to the side and struck Chris in the head
witht he flat of his axe, knocking him out.

## Chris

Chris woke up in a cell, a single hatch, some small air vents, a cot, and a bucket. His belt of pheromones and his
personal weapons have been taken. He has a healing blaster burn on one of his legs; it must have been several hours
since the fight in the hangar bay. Some minutes later, he hears the hatch opening. He quickly climbed above the hatch,
bracing himself between the wall and the ceiling. When the pirate came in with a tray of food, Chris dropped down on him
and knocked him out, quickly turning and rushing the other pirate standing in the corridor with a blaster rifle, taking
him out as well. He drags the bodies of the two pirates into the cell and slams the door, taking the weapons he thinks
he can use, a vibroknife, a chain half wrapped in barbed wire, and a blaster pistol. Ignoring the periodic alarms and
the repeating message “Systems rebooting, please wait…” he sets out to find Delano Mack.

## Delano, Chris, Ms. Catlow

Trying to ignore the periodic alarms and the PA system announcement of “System Rebooting, please wait…” Delano, Ms.
Catlow, and Chris meet at a fork in their corridors. After introductions, together they move down the third tunnel.
There is a short unlit section that curves the right. They can tell there are pirates just past the curve from the tinny
music and murmur of conversation. As they discuss what to do, one of the pirates says, “I’m going to check on Brob and
Chelsea.” they can hear his steps coming into their tunnel. They ambush him in the darkness.

## Steve, Jithal, Jim Dade

The rest of the crew of the *Dire Straits*, hidden on the pirate base Concourse and trying to ignore the repeated alarms
and the PA system announcement of “System Rebooting, please wait…”, decided they needed to learn the layout of the base,
and moved into the nearest room, looking for a terminal or access point that would allow Jithal to hack into the base’s
system. The room, a barracks for a group of pirates, did have a terminal Jithal could use. While Jithal worked on the
terminal, Steve and Jim examined the other door, which led into a break or guard room with several pirates playing
cards, listening to music, and kvetching at each other. A fight broke out, with Jim and Steve, joined by Chris and
Delano from another corridor, knocking out or killing the pirates.

## The crew back together

The reunited team, realizing the pirates probably kept all of the other survivors of the *Siouxiana* in the cells near
where Chris, Delano, and Ms. Catlow were held, searched out and freed them. Jim Dade organized and armed them with the
pirate guard weapons, and the group as a whole moved back into the Concourse, where they were greeted with hordes of
pirates and the voice of Ramekin Finch mocking them.

Chris moved quickly to set up an bomb trap that would slow down and confuse the pirates.

Steve Irwin tranquilized several of the pirates between the crew and the cargo airlock hatches, while Jim Dade and the
survivors took out several more. Jithal managed to cause several others to run in fear from his fearsome demeanor.