---
title: Bane's Eye
---

## Attributes

T3: **FTL Mastery**

E0: **One garden world and some barren worlds**

R-2: **Needs imports**

## Aspects

***Ambitious, but methodical for their own survival***

***Our god is always watching what we do \[old religion\]***

## Description

*“Bane’s Eye” dominates the local cluster. Looking up from its arid, rocky surface of mesas and oases, you can squint to see--visible in silhouette against its orange sun--another planetary body in the sky, a planet tinged red with iron craters, creating a “pupil-and-eye” visual impression that the eye of some god is perpetually staring down at “Bane’s Eye.’ The effect of the ancient religions of “Bane’s Eye” can be seen in the planetary modern culture’s obsession with themes of ‘being watched’ and ‘surveillance.’*

*This dominant star system is the only source of FTL starships in the local cluster. Banesian FTL drives are among the best anywhere, not just the local cluster, where they are the only choice (if you’re buying local. Without constant imports--constant success in diverting resources from the cluster to themselves--they might be forced to act drastically to sustain their technological power and simply take what they need. They have the most advanced computers and software, and attract the most adept scientific specialists, and are cordial with visitors, but residence must be earned. They take the long view, and their methodical approach to achieving their goals has allowed them to compensate for their often-drastic need for imports to sustain their technological level.*

*Methodical about their survival and continued dominance, a trade deal may only be finalized when “Bane’s Eye” is able to achieve the most favorable terms possible, and they greatly benefit from other systems in the local cluster competing, essentially, for their favor or protection. There are those who would certainly not mind if the space programs of other systems were to collapse or this reliance were to increase. Some wonder if more aggressive expansion is prudent, since they recognize they may only be a big fish in a shallow pond, compared to the broader galaxy. There is likely significant internal debate or outright conflict about these concerns, since “everything could come crashing down.”*

*Some of the religious bent on this world have a “prosperity gospel” mindset about their own success; others see themselves as holding the cluster together, with a divine duty, since most trade ships are made by, or sponsored by, “Bane’s Eye.” At the least, ships with FTL capacity must be registered with “Bane’s Eye” unless a registry code is spoofed.*

*But no one really knows how many ships they have, or their current military capacity--a strategic ambiguity.*

## Slipstream Straits To

* [Willful](willful)
* [Dragongull’s Cry](dragongulls-cry)
* *Out of local cluster*

## Places

#### Alreeckt

The only habitable planet of the Bane’s Eye system, and homeworld to the So’enela.

Due to highly unusual orbital mechanics, the orbits of Mulanarta and Alreeckt are such that Mulanarta is almost always visible during the daytime on Alreeckt, as Mulanarta drifts back and forth across the bright yellow star.

##### So’nelarch

The largest city on the planet, consisting mostly of the government and military buildings and the aeries and den’s of the movers and shakers of Bane’s Eye.

#### Mulanarta

The “pupil” of Bane’s eye.  A very large rocky planet with a reddish hue. Due to highly unusual orbital mechanics, the orbits of Mulanarta and Alreeckt are such that Mulanarta is almost always visible during the daytime on Alreeckt, as Mulanarta drifts back and forth across the bright yellow star.

The gravity of Mulanarta is very high, the temperature is very hot, and there is no atmosphere or water on the planet.

#### Carkargar

An airless grey dusty world about the same size as Alreeckt, but less dense, so about 80% of the Alreeckt’s gravity. There is a So’enela resort here, the Carkargar Aerie in large caverns and tunnels carved out of the bedrock of the planet, and where So’enela can use their wings to fly as easily as the birds from which they evolved.

##### The Carkargar Aerie

As you enter orbit over the grey pock-marked lifeless surface of the small planet, it seems like nothing is there until you come around the terminous into the sunlight and see the landing field covered with dozens of small in-system ships parked in even rows around a large squat tower. Larger ships are parked on the periphery. Long trains of shuttle cars move through the rows carrying passengers and their baggage towards the tower in the center, where lines of sapients stand in their vac-suits waiting to enter the Aerie.

#### Xerant Belt

The only asteroid belt in Bane’s Eye, between the orbits of Alreeckt and Carkargar. It is rich in

#### Tangraltun

A large gas giant in the outer reaches of the system, with a gas refinery station orbiting, and surrounded by the usual activity you would expect.

#### Asteroid-5429

The largest asteroid mining storage and transfer base in the system.

#### Banyards One, Two, and Three

These large space stations are in stellar orbits 90 degrees from each other and Alreeckt around the star. These combination military and shipyard facilities are the only installations that are capable of producing Slipstream drives in the local cluster. They are heavily guarded by the Bane’s Eye Space Navy.
