---
title: Dragongull's Cry
---

## Attributes

T0: **Exploring the system**

E0: **One garden world and perhaps some barren worlds \[1 garden world and 1 destroyed, barren world\]**

R1: **Rich**

## Aspects

***Everything Can Be Found In The Ocean***

***“Never Trust a Human”***

## Description

*A century ago, a garden world in this system was destroyed by a freak asteroid. Conspiracy theories around this event \-- whether it could have been stopped by a stellar civilization, whether it was a secret attack by someone powerful, whether it was a divine punishment \-- have propagated since. Fallen rubble from this planet raised the sea levels and seeded what would become the profitable mining, deep sea dredging operations and vibrant coral reefs on the one remaining garden world. With sufficient self-made space-craft to patrol their borders, but not put up effective resistance.*

## Slipstream Straits To

* [Willful](willful)
* [Bane’s Eye](banes-eye)
* [Dalderana](dalderana)
* [Concordist](concordist)
* [Golden Seed](golden-seed)
* *Out of local cluster*

## Places

### T'Sleera

The lone remaining habitable planet of the Dragongull’s Cry system.

T’Sleera was colonized long ago by by Bearbles from out of the local cluster, at the same time that the sister planet H’arkot was colonized by Bontions.  Both colonies traded and grew until each of the planets became independent and supported populations of over a billion sapients each. In 7832, a very large asteroid collided with H’arkot and broke it into millions of fragments, killing all the sapients on the planet, and many on T’Sleera as the fragments of H’Arkot slammed into its sister planet.

### H’arkot Belt

The asteroid belt created by the fragments of the planet H’arkot as they spread along the planet’s orbit.

### Frag’Arkot

The largest asteroid in the H’arkot Belt. It’s size and density give it a gravity about 0.25g. It has been re-colonised by a large group of Bontians who were on T’Sleera when H’arkot was destroyed. It is a warren of tunnels and chambers carved out of the body of the fragment, one curved face of the asteroid still has desiccated ruins of one of the smaller cities of the planet H’arkot.

### Cryonulla

Gas giant in Dragongull’s Cry

### Cryonulla Station

A starship fuel refinery facility and shipyard orbiting the gas giant Cryonulla in the outer reaches of the Dragongull’s Cry system.

