---
title: Ceti Daenia
---

## Attributes

T0: **Exploring the system**

E-2: **Hostile environment (gravity but dangerous atmosphere)**

R-1: **Almost viable**

## Aspects

***Balkanized Dome City States On Planet, Tentative Off Planet Coalition***

## Description

Ceti Daenia IV is a large planet with a single medium-sized, mountainous continent surrounded by a seemingly infinite
ocean, where tidal waves 60 feet high regularly crash into the western coast. The planet has a caustic, toxic, green-ish
yellow atmosphere. The population of the planet live in 47 domed cities that are spread around the edges of a the single
medium-sized continent, surrounded by a sea of \<choose-color\> \<insert-toxic-liquid-here\>.

The system was colonized separately by several other systems, each of their origin system’s technologies to build
smalled domed habitats, which grew into cities. As their high tech resources were used up over the decades and
centuries, their effective technology level fell. All eventually became independent from their colonial origins during
this period. Finally, the last operating orbital shuttle on the planet blew up, and they were no longer had the
resources to repair or build a new one, and they lost access to orbital resources. They survived, though, and of the
cities grew over the centuries into independent states themselves. They fought wars with some neightbors, made alliances
with others, in a shifting mesh of their neighbors.

## Slipstream Straits To

* [Concordist](concordist)
* [Golden Seed](golden-seed)
* [Zerzi](zerzi)
* [Luxia](luxia)