tatterpedia/2.places/1.clusters/2.other-local-cluster/cluster-time-line.md, before:

---
title: History of cluster
---

Dates are in Galactic years. 

Translated to Galacticom by scholars of the Space Merchant Trading Federation affiliated institutions.

## 7538
Strait point discovered between Flant and Clanpali by Flant strait scouts.

## 7542
Strait point discovered between Clanpali and Balorn by Flant strait scouts.

## 7543
Colonists from Flant land on Clanpali.

## 7550
Small scientific research base is funded by ReSurge Corp, a Flant corporation, on Balorn’s sole habitable planet.

## 7559
ReSurge Corp goes bankrupt and abandons research base on Balorn. Flant military evacuate the base.

## 7587
Strait point discovered between Adatharax and Balorn by Adatharax strait scouts.

## 7589
Colonists land on Balorn.

## 7593
Clanpali rebels against Flant’s rule.

## 7599
Balorn colony population and industry grows to the point where they request full autonomy from Adatharax. There is much contention on the matter in both Adatharax and Balorn.

## 7601
Rebellion heats up in Clanpali and finally a rogue military unit of the Flant Space Navy maneuvers a large asteroid on a collision course with the colony in Clanpali. The planet is fractured and all the colonists on the planet are killed. A new sparse rocky belt forms in the former planet’s stellar orbit.
The impact of the disastrous destruction of the planet in Clanpali on Flant society is disruptive in the extreme. Social disorder sweeps over each of the planets in the Flant system.

## 7613
Balorn achieves “independence” from Adatharax, and they join together with Adatharax to form the Dathian Planetary Alliance. Adatharax is “first among equals”.

## 7625
A new liberal system-wide government arises in Flant, known as the Flantarin Renewal.

## 7630
Strait point discovered between Flant and Egret by Flant strait scouts.

## 7632
Flantarin Renewal scout ships visit Balorn and discover the well established Balorn colony. Annoyed, but leary of another interstellar war, they back off.

## 7640
Flantarin Renewal colonizes Egret system.

## 7640-7700
Trade between the Flantian Renewal and the Dathian Planetary Alliance increases, to the benefit of both polities. Immigration/Emigration ratio between the two polities is at parity. Population in general increases everywhere in the local cluster.

## 7680
The Flantian Renewal colony in Egret grows to the point where they can join the Flantian Renewal as a full member, a peer of the other planets in Flant system. Over the next two decades the Flantian Renewal experiences a series of chaotic shifts in their internal balance of power.

## 7702
The Flantian Renewal undergoes an internal coup. The conservatives gain control, becomes a hierarchical government led by the home planet in Flant. The are renamed the Flantian Ascendency on a platform of aggressive expansionism.

## 7822
Strait point discovered between Egret and Delvar by Flant strait scouts.

## 7849
Strait point discovered between Adatharax and Delvar by Dathian Alliance strait scouts.

## 7867
Strait point discovered between Adatharax and Clanpali by Dathian Alliance strait scouts.

## 7880
Strait point discovered between Clanpali and Egret by Delvar by Balorn strait scouts.

## 7901
Strait point discovered between Egret and Balorn by Flant strait scouts.

## 7912
The XV Wyvern discovers and shoots the inter-cluster strait from a known space cluster to Delvar, “First contact” with the Flant and Dathian Planetary Alliance naval bases near the strait points in the system that lead to Adatharax and Egret.

## 7915
The Space Merchant Trading Federation is formed by dozens of polities, corporations, species, academic, and other organizations 
from the nearby clusters of known space. The SMTF is formed to interface with the new cluster. They build and operate a large station near the inter-cluster strait point in Delvar system.

Commit message:

Added polities from the new cluster to the factions page. Added timepoints for slipstream drive invention to the historic timeline for the new cluster.

tatterpedia/2.places/1.clusters/2.other-local-cluster/cluster-time-line.md, after:

---
title: History of cluster
---

Dates are in Galactic years. 

Translated to Galacticom by scholars of the Space Merchant Trading Federation affiliated institutions.

## 7485
Slipstream drive invented in Flant.

## 7538
Strait point discovered between Flant and Clanpali by Flant strait scouts.

## 7542
Strait point discovered between Clanpali and Balorn by Flant strait scouts.

## 7543
Colonists from Flant land on Clanpali.

## 7550
Small scientific research base is funded by ReSurge Corp, a Flant corporation, on Balorn’s sole habitable planet.

## 7559
ReSurge Corp goes bankrupt and abandons research base on Balorn. Flant military evacuate the base.

## 7561
Slipstream drive invented in Adatharax.

## 7587
Strait point discovered between Adatharax and Balorn by Adatharax strait scouts.

## 7589
Colonists land on Balorn.

## 7593
Clanpali rebels against Flant’s rule.

## 7599
Balorn colony population and industry grows to the point where they request full autonomy from Adatharax. There is much contention on the matter in both Adatharax and Balorn.

## 7601
Rebellion heats up in Clanpali and finally a rogue military unit of the Flant Space Navy maneuvers a large asteroid on a collision course with the colony in Clanpali. The planet is fractured and all the colonists on the planet are killed. A new sparse rocky belt forms in the former planet’s stellar orbit.
The impact of the disastrous destruction of the planet in Clanpali on Flant society is disruptive in the extreme. Social disorder sweeps over each of the planets in the Flant system.

## 7613
Balorn achieves “independence” from Adatharax, and they join together with Adatharax to form the Dathian Planetary Alliance. Adatharax is “first among equals”.

## 7625
A new liberal system-wide government arises in Flant, known as the Flantarin Renewal.

## 7630
Strait point discovered between Flant and Egret by Flant strait scouts.

## 7632
Flantarin Renewal scout ships visit Balorn and discover the well established Balorn colony. Annoyed, but leary of another interstellar war, they back off.

## 7640
Flantarin Renewal colonizes Egret system.

## 7640-7700
Trade between the Flantian Renewal and the Dathian Planetary Alliance increases, to the benefit of both polities. Immigration/Emigration ratio between the two polities is at parity. Population in general increases everywhere in the local cluster.

## 7680
The Flantian Renewal colony in Egret grows to the point where they can join the Flantian Renewal as a full member, a peer of the other planets in Flant system. Over the next two decades the Flantian Renewal experiences a series of chaotic shifts in their internal balance of power.

## 7699
Flantian Renewal scientists and engineers discover a more efficient slipstream drive, allowing them to travel faster between systems, with less fuel.

## 7702
The Flantian Renewal undergoes an internal coup. The conservatives gain control, becomes a hierarchical government led 
by the home planet in Flant. They rename themselves the Flantian Ascendency on a platform of aggressive expansionism.

## 7822
Strait point discovered between Egret and Delvar by Flantian Ascendency strait scouts.

## 7849
Strait point discovered between Adatharax and Delvar by Dathian Alliance strait scouts.

## 7867
Strait point discovered between Adatharax and Clanpali by Dathian Alliance strait scouts.

## 7880
Strait point discovered between Clanpali and Egret by Delvar by Balorn strait scouts.

## 7901
Strait point discovered between Egret and Balorn by Flantian Ascendency strait scouts.

## 7912
The XV Wyvern discovers and shoots the inter-cluster strait from a known space cluster to Delvar, “First contact” with the Flant and Dathian Planetary Alliance naval bases near the strait points in the system that lead to Adatharax and Egret.

## 7915
The Space Merchant Trading Federation is formed by dozens of polities, corporations, species, academic, and other organizations 
from the nearby clusters of known space. The SMTF is formed to interface with the new cluster. They build and operate a large station near the inter-cluster strait point in Delvar system.
