tatterpedia/2.places/1.local-cluster-travel-table.md, before:

---
title: Cluster travel table
---

Number of Slipstream strait transits to get from one system in the local cluster to another.

|                                                  | Avarax | Willful | Bane's Eye | Dragongull’s Cry | Dalderana | Concordist | Golden Seed | Ceti Daenia | Zerzi | Luxia | Coreward | Rimward |
|:------------------------------------------------:|:------:|:-------:|:----------:|:----------------:|:---------:|:----------:|:-----------:|:-----------:|:-----:|:-----:|:--------:|:-------:|
|          [Avarax](star-systems/avarax)           |        |    1    |     2      |        2         |     2     |     3      |      3      |      4      |   4   |   5   |    3     |    4    |
|         [Willful](star-systems/willful)          |   1    |         |     1      |        1         |     1     |     2      |      2      |      3      |   3   |   4   |    2     |    3    |
|       [Bane's Eye](star-systems/banes-eye)       |   2    |    1    |            |        1         |     2     |     2      |      2      |      3      |   3   |   4   |    1     |    2    |
| [Dragongull’s Cry](star-systems/dragongulls-cry) |   2    |    1    |     1      |                  |     1     |     1      |      1      |      2      |   2   |   3   |    2     |    1    |
|       [Dalderana](star-systems/dalderana)        |   2    |    1    |     2      |        1         |           |     1      |      2      |      2      |   3   |   3   |    3     |    2    |
|      [Concordist](star-systems/concordist)       |   3    |    2    |     2      |        1         |     1     |            |      1      |      2      |   3   |   3   |    3     |    2    |
|     [Golden Seed](star-systems/golden-seed)      |   3    |    2    |     2      |        1         |     2     |     1      |             |      1      |   1   |   2   |    3     |    2    |
|     [Ceti Daenia](star-systems/ceti-daenia)      |   4    |    3    |     3      |        2         |     2     |     2      |      1      |             |   1   |   1   |    4     |    3    |
|           [Zerzi](star-systems/zerzi)            |   4    |    3    |     3      |        2         |     3     |     3      |      1      |      1      |       |   1   |    4     |    3    |
|           [Luxia](star-systems/luxia)            |   5    |    4    |     4      |        3         |     3     |     3      |      2      |      1      |   1   |       |    5     |    4    |
|                     Coreward                     |   3    |    2    |     1      |        2         |     3     |     3      |      3      |      4      |   4   |   5   |          |    3    |
|                     Rimward                      |   4    |    3    |     2      |        1         |     2     |     2      |      2      |      3      |   3   |   4   |    3     |         |

Commit message:

Synced changes made to cluster-map repo between tag content-0.0.1 and v0.0.3

tatterpedia/2.places/1.local-cluster-travel-table.md, after:

---
title: Cluster travel table
description: A table showing how many jumps between systems in the local cluster.
---

Number of Slipstream strait transits to get from one system in the local cluster to another.

|                                                  | Avarax | Willful | Bane's Eye | Dragongull’s Cry | Dalderana | Concordist | Golden Seed | Ceti Daenia | Zerzi | Luxia | Coreward | Rimward |
|:------------------------------------------------:|:------:|:-------:|:----------:|:----------------:|:---------:|:----------:|:-----------:|:-----------:|:-----:|:-----:|:--------:|:-------:|
|          [Avarax](star-systems/avarax)           |        |    1    |     2      |        2         |     2     |     3      |      3      |      4      |   4   |   5   |    3     |    4    |
|         [Willful](star-systems/willful)          |   1    |         |     1      |        1         |     1     |     2      |      2      |      3      |   3   |   4   |    2     |    3    |
|       [Bane's Eye](star-systems/banes-eye)       |   2    |    1    |            |        1         |     2     |     2      |      2      |      3      |   3   |   4   |    1     |    2    |
| [Dragongull’s Cry](star-systems/dragongulls-cry) |   2    |    1    |     1      |                  |     1     |     1      |      1      |      2      |   2   |   3   |    2     |    1    |
|       [Dalderana](star-systems/dalderana)        |   2    |    1    |     2      |        1         |           |     1      |      2      |      2      |   3   |   3   |    3     |    2    |
|      [Concordist](star-systems/concordist)       |   3    |    2    |     2      |        1         |     1     |            |      1      |      2      |   3   |   3   |    3     |    2    |
|     [Golden Seed](star-systems/golden-seed)      |   3    |    2    |     2      |        1         |     2     |     1      |             |      1      |   1   |   2   |    3     |    2    |
|     [Ceti Daenia](star-systems/ceti-daenia)      |   4    |    3    |     3      |        2         |     2     |     2      |      1      |             |   1   |   1   |    4     |    3    |
|           [Zerzi](star-systems/zerzi)            |   4    |    3    |     3      |        2         |     3     |     3      |      1      |      1      |       |   1   |    4     |    3    |
|           [Luxia](star-systems/luxia)            |   5    |    4    |     4      |        3         |     3     |     3      |      2      |      1      |   1   |       |    5     |    4    |
|                     Coreward                     |   3    |    2    |     1      |        2         |     3     |     3      |      3      |      4      |   4   |   5   |          |    3    |
|                     Rimward                      |   4    |    3    |     2      |        1         |     2     |     2      |      2      |      3      |   3   |   4   |    3     |         |
