---
title: Places
---

## Local Cluster

[Star Systems](/tatterpedia/places/star-systems)

### Zerzi Station

Space station orbiting in a high orbit around the planet Zerzi.
Artificial gravity, docking arms poking out from the docking level.

### Scouts Guild Offices

There is a small office/hostel on Zerzi Station, right off Docking Row.
Down on their luck members can get food vouchers to use at the
restaurants on Docking Row, and a bunk in the hostel. There is a common
room with a big screen with messages on them, and Tattnet terminals
available for any member to use, a coffee/stimulant station.

Zerzi Port has a larger facility, including medical services, a small
loft/apartments for members for a nominal fee, and barracks with bunks
for those who can't afford even that.

### Zerzi Port

Main space port on the planet Zerzi, outside the capitol city.

### Crusty's Carrier Salvage Yard

An ancient derelict carrier ship that has been refurbished and
repurposed as the structural center of the salvage yard, not far from
Zerzi Station. Owned and operated by Jarek "Crusty" Banif. Has a landing
bay big enough for shuttles or fighters, with an irising outer door.
Inside are alcoves for getting shuttles or fighters into atmosphere
quickly; the main landing bay has lights that can be flashed marking the
path to a ship's assigned alcove.

### Cuthbert Station

A starship fuel and refinery facility orbiting the gas giant Cuthbert in
the outer reaches of Zerzi system.

## Other Clusters

### Tepchania

A system in a cluster 8 jumps coreward from Bane's Eye. Home of the
prestigious engineering university the Tepchania Institute of Technology
(TIT.)

## General

### Gas giant fuel refinery stations

In developing systems like Zerzi, fuel refinery stations are busy
places. A line of scoopships travel from the station to dip into the
upper atmosphere of the gas giant. Another line of full scoopships
return to the station to fill the tanks of the refinery. A cluster of in
system ships, asteroid miners mostly, with some cargo ships bringing
supplies out from inner planets, carefully navigate into their assigned
docks for refueling or off loading. Usually there\'s an enormous tanker
filling up with fuel to transport to other places in the system.
