---
title: A short history of the isolated cluster
---

## The distant past

Earth established a colony in the Torrin system on the planet Gaia during the
golden age of the human diaspora. The colony tamed the wilderness and the fierce
native lifeforms. They built many cities across the planet, growing to the point
where they were self-sufficient, with a population of over a million people.

They did not have the capability to get off planet by themselves, but Torrin was
advantageously positioned in the strait network, and visits by interstellar
traders were common. The space station in orbit and the spaceport near their
main city were owned and run by an interstellar consortium. The interstellar
traders would bring in the high-technology goods, power systems, computing
infrastructure, and medical devices that were needed to maintain the lifestyles
to which the colony had become used accustomed.

In return, the traders ran the space-based mining operations in Torrin’s
asteroid belt, the gas giants and their moons, and transported those resources
to other systems where they were needed.

Then, the interstellar ships from the greater galaxy stopped coming.

There was no word as to why this had happened. Still the Gaians continued to
live their lives. Their technology level slowly dropped as their imported
systems broke down. Seventy-five years after the last interstellar trader
visited Gaia, a plague ran through the still interconnected cities, killing off
35% of the population in less than a decade.

Infrastructure failed, high-tech skills were lost as the remaining people spent
their time and energy in raising food and protecting their families instead of
passing on the information about technology that they did have.

The world entered a dark age that lasted a thousand years. The population had
plummeted to less than two hundred thousand souls. They were scattered across
the planet in isolated enclaves. Travel was long and dangerous, as the people of
the enclaves did not trust each other, and brigandage and petty conflicts were
common. The wilderness returned and reclaimed the land that had been built over,
but was now abandoned.

Still the people coped and survived by learning new skills to solve the problems
that did not have easily available high-tech solutions.

Eventually the dark age ended, and the population surged as medical techniques
were re-discovered, the wilderness was beat back again, and the scattered
enclaves re-connected and learned to work together.

Two thousand years since the last interstellar trader visited Torrin, and the
scattered enclaves of the people of Gaia had merged into a single world
government known as the New Earth Directorate

The scientists and engineers of the Directorate discovered the slipstream drive
and two strait points in the Torrin system. They established colonies on the
worlds beyond those strait points.

They discovered a third strait point and Cyron, the star system beyond it. They
made contact with the human civilization that was flourishing there and after
some initial conflicts the Cyrons joined the New Earth Directorate.