---
title: Zerzi
---

## Aspects

***Aggressively industrialized***

***The only thing that matters is right now, the future will take care of itself***

## Attributes

T1: **Exploiting the system**

E-2: **Hostile environment (gravity but dangerous atmosphere)**

R2: **One significant export**

## Description

Zerzi was once a fairly average planet and civilization on its way to discovering the secrets of FTL travel. However
after being contacted by the wider universe and discovering the value of \<insert resource here\>, Zerzi’s leaders made
the decision to aggressively mine and industrialize to maximize their potential profit in the galactic market, leading
to a damaged atmosphere and a society no longer interested in research but instead on wringing the most out of today.

## Slipstream Straits To

* [Golden Seed](golden-seed)
* [Ceti Daenia](ceti-daenia)
* [Luxia](luxia)

## Places

### Zerzi City

Capitol city of the planet Zerzi

Includes a major starport where most ships make landfall. There are only a few other landing places around the planet.

### Zerzi Station

Space station orbiting in a high orbit around the planet Zerzi. Artificial gravity, docking arms poking out from the
docking level.

### Scouts Guild Offices

There is a small office/hostel on Zerzi Station, right off Docking Row. Down on their luck members can get food vouchers
to use at the restaurants on Docking Row, and a bunk in the hostel. There is a common room with a big screen with
messages on them, and Tattnet terminals available for any member to use, a coffee/stimulant station.

Zerzi Port has a larger facility, including medical services, a small loft/apartments for members for a nominal fee, and
barracks with bunks for those who can’t afford even that.

### Zerzi Port

Main space port on the planet Zerzi, outside the capitol city.

### Crusty’s Carrier Salvage Yard

An ancient derelict carrier ship that has been refurbished and repurposed as the structural center of the salvage yard,
not far from Zerzi Station. Owned and operated by Jarek “Crusty” Banif. Has a landing bay big enough for shuttles or
fighters, with an irising outer door. Inside are alcoves for getting shuttles or fighters into atmosphere quickly; the
main landing bay has lights that can be flashed marking the path to a ship’s assigned alcove.

### Cuthbert Station

A starship fuel and refinery facility orbiting the gas giant Cuthbert in the outer reaches of Zerzi system.
